starting to mount horizontal
us shelves were mounting only on
produce right at the place
many put it easier to be right
mark and place guides
when the vertical stand is not yet
established but due to the fact that we
set the closet and the moon
a small difference is not very convenient
postpone then install
vertical racks which then can
prove to be one slightly higher another lower
total shelf
horizontal will be i'm not
strictly horizontally and at an angle therefore
the markup was an action point right at the place
that is, we have already installed vertical
directing now we set our
the laser is needed this way on us
automated article to
horizontal beam showed us the place
future attachment guide as you can see
everything is very clear
horizontal line marked the place
future mounts
the only number is planning more accurately
same vertical stand with the same
shelves so I stuck on the end
masking tape which will mark
position to go from the next
column
vertical
return the horizontal beam here personally
shows the next step it needs
install horizontal roller
guides orient myself put the red
we take the line manager for the boxes
we apply it strictly on red with
using ordinary sewed straight on red
lines first with a pencil and then with an awl
make two holes
Now with the usual terms I
fasten
and so heading is established
strictly gender changes into place and
install the second
if you when installing guides
miss not only joyous mark
portrait above or below do not worry
the red line will always show the place where
can make holes
2 guides set also by
laser beam
as the first vodka umbrella flax pound
becomes a place goes free on our
Yes , the manager is correctly installed
here 3 circles horizontally judging by
the laser beam and so on to put in more
you corner here is the result we
get and here you are doing everything right
not at all like vision and
everyone walks easily
so make using the device cube
will mount the next columns